Updaing notice on charts repo deprecation (#23734)
helm/charts: README.md

| - | - |
| **Nov 13, 2019** | At [Helm 3's public release](https://helm.sh/blog/helm-3-released/), new charts are no longer accepted to `stable` or `incubator`. Patches to existing charts may continue to be submitted by the community, and (time permitting) reviewed by chart OWNERS for acceptance |
| **Aug 13, 2020** | At 9 months – when Helm v2 goes security fix only – the `stable` and `incubator` repos will be de-listed from the Helm Hub. Chart OWNERS are encouraged to accept security fixes only. ℹ️ _Note: the original date has been extended 3 months to match Helm v2 support. See [COVID-19: Extending Helm v2 Bug Fixes](https://helm.sh/blog/covid-19-extending-helm-v2-bug-fixes/)_ |

> | **Nov 13, 2020** | At 1 year, support for this project will formally end, and this repo will be marked obsolete. At that time the Helm repo will likely be garbage collected and no longer available. The git repository will remain. |

Reviewer: I like this. Is it worth also appending something like this, just to be crystal clear to those who who think maybe the remaining repo may still get updates (just no longer "supported")?

```suggestion
| **Nov 13, 2020** | At 1 year, support for this project will formally end, and this repo will be marked obsolete. At that time the Helm repo will likely be garbage collected and no longer available. The git repository will remain as an archive. |
```

> | **Nov 13, 2020** | At 1 year, support for this project will formally end, and this repo will be marked obsolete. At that time the Helm repo will likely be garbage collected and no longer available. The git repository will remain as an archive. |

Reviewer 2: The Helm repo? You probably mean this repo?

Reviewer: Good point on language, I added a suggestion below - if I understood Matt's point correctly.

> | **Nov 13, 2020** | At 1 year, support for this project will formally end, and this repo will be marked obsolete. At that time the Helm repo will likely be garbage collected and no longer available. The git repository will remain as an archive. |

Reviewer: I think he means the helm chart repos (stable and incubator). Maybe per language at https://helm.sh/docs/topics/chart_repository/ change to "chart repo"

```suggestion
| **Nov 13, 2020** | At 1 year, support for this project will formally end, at which point the `stable` and `incubator` chart repos will be marked obsolete. At that time these chart repos will likely be garbage collected and no longer available. This git repository will remain as an archive. |
```
